===============
Getting Started
===============

Thanks for checking out MTBindingSim!  Here's a quick-start tutorial 
designed to get you graphing binding curves in no time.
 
Running MTBindingSim for the First Time
=======================================

To begin, you will need to `download and install MTBindingSim 
<http://code.google.com/p/mtbindingsim/wiki/Download?tm=2>`_.  When
you run MTBindingSim for the first time, you should see a window that
looks like this:

**Screen shot:** when first opened

MTBindingSim's defaults are to plot a graph of an experiment in which 
the total concentration of microtubules, [MT], is varied (along the 
X-axis), and the binding model is first-order binding.  See `the Running 
MTBindingSim chapter <$(DOCS):RunningMTBindingSim>`_ for more 
information about these settings, and the `Binding Model Mathematics 
chapter <$(DOCS):BindingModels>`_ for more detailed information about 
the binding models.

First, enter value for the experimental range of [MT].  Varying between 
0 and 10 is a nice start.

**Screen shot:** [MT] with 0 and 10 entered.

You will also need to enter values for [A] total, K\ :sub:`D`\ , and the 
binding ratio.  Try 2 for both [A] total and K\ :sub:`D`\ , and leave 
the binding ratio at its default of 1.

**Screen shot:** parameters with 2, 2, 1 filled in

To calculate the binding curve under these conditions, click the graph 
button.

**Screen shot:** the graph button

You should now see a graph that looks like this:

**Screen shot:** graph

Congratulations, you've just plotted your first binding curve using 
MTBindingSim!

Try changing the values of [A] total, K\ :sub:`D`\, or the binding ratio 
to see how the curves change. After plotting four curves you'll have a 
graph that might look something like this:

**Screen shot:** graph with 4 curves

If you'd like to start over with a new graph, click the clear button. 
This will delete the current graph, and subsequent curves will be plotted 
on a new plot.

**Screen shot:** clear button

For more detailed information about what you can do with MTBindingSim, 
see the `Running MTBindingSim <$(DOCS):RunningMTBindingSim>`_ and `How 
To... <$(DOCS):HowTo>`_ chapters.  If you have any trouble, see the 
`Troubleshooting <$(DOCS):Troubleshooting>`_ section.

Good luck, and happy graphing!
